
> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=30&selection=64,2,68,15|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.4]]
> > A managed module is a standard 32-bit Windows portable executable (PE32) file or a standard 64-bit Windows portable executable (PE32+) file that requires the CLR to execute.
> 
> 托管模块定义


> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=31&selection=93,22,95,40|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.5]]
> > In brief, metadata is a set of data tables that describe what is defined in the module, such as types and their members.
> 
>  元数据定义

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=31&selection=103,0,103,69|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.5]]
> > metadata is always associated with the file that contains the IL code


> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=32&selection=13,1,19,82|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.6]]
> > ■ Metadata allows an object’s fields to be serialized into a memory block, sent to another machine, and then deserialized, re-creating the object’s state on the remote machine
> 
> **如何利用元数据进行序列化反序列化？**

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=32&selection=24,0,28,49|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.6]]
> > Metadata allows the garbage collector to track the lifetime of objects. For any object, the garbage collector can determine the type of the object and, from the metadata, know which fields within that object refer to other objects.
> 
> **GC 如何利用 metadata？**

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=32&selection=84,50,93,1|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.6]]
> > First, an assembly is a logical grouping of one or more modules or resource files. Second, an assembly is the smallest unit of reuse, security, and versioning. Depending on the choices you make with your compilers or tools, you can produce a single-file or a multifile assembly. In the CLR world, an assembly is what we would call a component.
> 
> 程序集的定义
> modules 和 resource file的集合
> **一个最小单元？**

> **一个cs文件编译成一个模块吗？**

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=33&selection=9,1,13,69|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.7]]
> >  The manifest is simply another set of metadata tables. These tables describe the files that make up the assembly, the publicly exported types implemented by the files in the assembly, and the resource or data files that are associated with the assembly.
> 
> manifest是什么？

> Unity是怎么组织 程序集的？

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=33&selection=61,53,64,79|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.7]]
> > If you want to group a set of files into an assembly, you’ll have to be aware of more tools (such as the assembly linker, AL.exe
> 
> 托管模块 链接器

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=33&selection=68,0,82,33|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.7]]
> > An assembly allows you to decouple the logical and physical notions of a reusable, securable, versionable component. How you partition your code and resources into different files is completely up to you. For example, you could put rarely used types or resources in separate files that are part of an assembly. The separate files could be downloaded on demand from the web as they are needed at run time. If the files are never needed, they’re never downloaded, saving disk space and reducing installation time. Assemblies allow you to break up the deployment of the files while still treating all of the files as a single collection.
> 
> 程序集的 优点：看成集合 但是可以分布

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=33&selection=84,0,99,20|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.7]]
> > An assembly’s modules also include information about referenced assemblies (including their version numbers). This information makes an assembly self-describing. In other words, the CLR can determine the assembly’s immediate dependencies in order for code in the assembly to execute. No additional information is required in the registry or in Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS). Because no additional information is needed, deploying assemblies is much easier than deploying unmanaged components
> 
> 部署非托管组件需要做什么，为什么部署托管组件简单一点？？


> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=36&selection=121,0,133,23&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.10]]
> > Note Assemblies built by using version 1.0 or 1.1 of Microsoft’s C# compiler contain a PE32 header and are CPU-architecture agnostic. However, at load time, the CLR considers these assemblies to be x86 only. For executable files, this improves the likelihood of the application actually working on a 64-bit system because the executable file will load in WoW64, giving the process an environment very similar to what it would have on a 32-bit x86 version of Windows.
> 
> 如何部署，x64 x86？？？


> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=37&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.11]]
> > Just before the Main method executes, the CLR detects all of the types that are referenced by Main’s code. This causes the CLR to allocate an internal data structure that is used to manage access 12 PART I CLR Basics to the referenced types.
> 
> 如何分配内存？？？
> 
> CLR 分配一个内部数据结构，用于管理对引用类型的访问
> 
> 这个内部数据结构包含了 Console 类型定义的每个方法的条目。每个条目保存方法实现的地址。
> 
> IL的地址吗？


> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=38&selection=139,0,139,36&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.12]]
> > Calling a method for the first time.
> 
> JIT 工作机制

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=41&selection=74,42,78,45&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.15]]
> > But to execute the code, the IL itself must be compiled into native CPU instructions at run time, requiring more non-shareable memory to be allocated and requiring additional CPU time to do the work.
> 
> 托管的性能开销？

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=41&selection=101,86,103,81&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.15]]
> > the compiler knows more about the execution environment than an unmanaged compiler would know.
> 
> 托管编译 优点：
> 根据平台特性 生成优化的指令


> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=43&selection=37,1,39,47&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.17]]
> >  Verification examines the high-level IL code and ensures that everything the code does is safe. 
> 
> 什么时候做检验

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=43&selection=67,0,77,42&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.17]]
> > Because Windows processes require a lot of operating system resources, having many of them can hurt performance and limit available resources. Reducing the number of processes by running multiple applications in a single operating system process can improve performance, require fewer resources, and be just as robust as if each application had its own process. This is another benefit of managed code as compared to unmanaged code
> 
> APPDemo的优点和可行性

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=46&selection=35,32,37,72&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.20]]
> > However, the reality of the situation is not as rosy as it would first seem. There are several potential problems with respect to NGen’d files:
> 
> 托管代码AOT的缺点

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=47&selection=32,26,36,13&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.21]]
> > . NGen inserts code to call class constructors everywhere because it doesn’t know the order in which the code will execute and if a class constructor has already been called. 
> 
> 不知道构造函数是否被调用是什么意思？
> 为什么叫做不知道代码执行顺序，指不同函数的执行顺序吗
> 为什么JIT 可以，JIT可以吗？？

> [!PDF|yellow] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=47&selection=72,0,91,53&color=yellow|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.21]]
> > For large client applications that experience very long startup times, Microsoft provides a Managed Profile Guided Optimization tool (MPGO.exe). This tool analyzes the execution of your application to see what it needs at startup. This information is then fed to the NGen.exe tool in order to better optimize the resulting native image. This allows your application to start faster and with a reduced working set. When you’re ready to ship your application, launch it via the MPGO tool and then exercise your application’s common tasks. Information about the parts of your code that executed is written to a profile, which is embedded within your assembly file. The NGen.exe tool uses this profile data to better optimize the native image it produces.
> 
> 记录什么profile信息，NGen如何使用


> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=50&selection=97,40,97,68|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.24]]
> > But to the type implementer,
> 
> type implemeter 是什么

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=52&selection=30,6,34,36|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.26]]
> > Specifically, the System.Object type allows you to do the following:
> 
> 万物之父 Object


> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=54&selection=68,0,70,50|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.28]]
> > Let me distill the CLS rules to something very simple.
> 
> CLS 规则

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=56&selection=156,0,172,35|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.30]]
> > Managed code can call an unmanaged function in a DLL Managed code can easily call functions contained in DLLs by using a mechanism called P/Invoke (for Platform Invoke). After all, many of the types defined in the FCL internally call functions exported from Kernel32.dll, User32.dll, and so on. Many programming languages will expose a mechanism that makes it easy for managed code to call out to unmanaged functions contained in DLLs. For example, a C# application can call the CreateSemaphore function exported from Kernel32.dll
> 
> 怎么调用？ 方法？

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=56&selection=174,1,195,33|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.30]]
> > ■ Managed code can use an existing COM component (server) Many companies have already implemented a number of unmanaged COM components. Using the type library from these components, a managed assembly can be created that describes the COM component. Managed code can access the type in the managed assembly just as any other managed type. See the TlbImp.exe tool that ships with the .NET Framework SDK for more information. At times, you might not have a type library or you might want to have more control over what TlbImp.exe produces. In these cases, you can manually build a type in source code that the CLR can use to achieve the proper interoperability. For example, you could use DirectX COM components from a C# application.
> 
> COM组件是什么，和DLL的区别

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=57&selection=9,0,21,40|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.31]]
> > Unmanaged code can use a managed type (server) A lot of existing unmanaged code requires that you supply a COM component for the code to work correctly. It’s much easier to implement these components by using managed code so that you can avoid all of the code having to do with reference counting and interfaces. For example, you could create an ActiveX control or a shell extension in C#. See the TlbExp.exe and RegAsm.exe tools that ship with the .NET Framework SDK for more information.
> 
> 非托管如何调用托管类