
> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=64&selection=98,12,102,35|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.38]]
> > You can see the exact format of the CLR header by examining the IMAGE_COR20_HEADER defined in the CorHdr.h header file
> 
> IMAGE_COR20_HEADER 是什么
> CorHdr.h 是什么

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=65&selection=6,0,8,33|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.39]]
> > TABLE 2-1 Common Definition Metadata Tables
> 
> 元数据表格

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=65&selection=23,57,29,50|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.39]]
> > This allows the file to be renamed while keeping a record of its original name. However, renaming a file is strongly discouraged and can prevent the CLR from locating an assembly at run time, so don’t do this
> 
> 重命名哪个文件，源文件？可执行文件？

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=65&selection=167,0,175,53|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.39]]
> > Contains one entry for each PE module that implements types referenced by this module. Each entry includes the module’s file name and extension (without path). This table is used to bind to types that are implemented in different modules of the calling assembly’s module
> 
> bind 类似与链接？

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=66&selection=31,1,50,8|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.40]]
> > emberRef Contains one entry for each member (fields and methods, as well as property and event methods) referenced by the module. Each entry includes the member’s name and signature and points to the TypeRef entry for the type that defines the member. There are many more tables than what I listed in Tables 2-1 and 2-2, but I just wanted to give you a sense of the kind of information that the compiler emits to produce the metadata information. Earlier I mentioned that there is also a set of manifest metadata tables; I’ll discuss these a little later in the chapter.
> 
> 反射内部机制是如何利用这些机制的

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=69&selection=159,36,177,20|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.43]]
> > The constructor method (always shown with a name of .ctor) is public, and its code is also IL. The constructor has a void return type, has no arguments, and has a this pointer, which refers to the object’s memory that is to be constructed when the method is called
> 
> 构造函数 this指针存在哪里的？？

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=71&selection=22,1,24,92|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.45]]
> >  The manifest is another set of metadata tables that basically contain the names of the files that are part of the assembly.
> 
> Manifest 元数据表 是什么

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=72&selection=73,0,89,35|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.46]]
> > To summarize, an assembly is a unit of reuse, versioning, and security. It allows you to partition your types and resources into separate files so that you, and consumers of your assembly, get to determine which files to package together and deploy. After the CLR loads the file containing the manifest, it can determine which of the assembly’s other files contain the types and resources the application is referencing. Anyone consuming the assembly is required to know only the name of the file containing the manifest; the file partitioning is then abstracted away from the consumer and can change in the future without breaking the application’s behavior
> 
> 程序集 好处

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=73&selection=14,0,16,23|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.47]]
> > TABLE 2-3 Manifest Metadata Table


> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=74&selection=0,2,23,44|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.48]]
> > 48 PART I CLR Basics In addition to these switches, the C# compiler supports the /t[arget]:module switch. This switch tells the compiler to produce a PE file that doesn’t contain the manifest metadata tables. The PE file produced is always a DLL PE file, and this file must be added to an assembly before the CLR can access any types within it. When you use the /t:module switch, the C# compiler, by default, names the output file with an extension of .netmodule.
> 
> 打包 成 模块 开关

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=75&selection=51,0,63,11|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.49]]
> > Note In reality, the manifest metadata tables don’t actually include the types that are exported from the PE file that contains the manifest. The purpose of this optimization is to reduce the number of bytes required by the manifest information in the PE file. So statements like 
> 
> 为什么可以不包含该类型的PE文件模块
> -> CLR是如何解析 程序集的

> [!PDF|] [[Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012.pdf#page=84&selection=63,0,64,1|Microsoft.Press.CLR.via.Csharp.4th.Edition.Oct.2012, p.58]]
> > AssemblyFileVersion 
> 
> 各个版本号的差异
> AssemblyFileVersion
> AssemblyInformationalVersion 
> AssemblyVersion 